1.	Consider the relations 
EMPLOYEE(SSN, Name, DeptNo), 
ASSIGNED_TO(USN , ProjectNo) 
PROJECT(ProjectNo, ProjectArea). 
Create the above tables, insert suitable tuples and perform the following operations in SQL: 
a.	Obtain the SSN of employees assigned to database projects.
b.	Find the number of employees working in each department
c.	Update the ProjectNo of Employee bearing SSN=1 to ProjectNo=20

1.	Obtain ssn of employees for projectno 1 or 2
2.	Obtain ssn of employees working on project 1 and 2
3.	List the ssn name and the no of projects each employee is working on 
4.	List the ssn of the employee working on max no of projects
5.	Find the name of the employees  working on database projects 
6.	List the projectno and projectarea of the project which has least no of employees
7.	Find the ssn of the employees working on all the database projects 
8.	List the ssn of the employees working only on database projects .
9.	Find the dept no which has max no of employees
10.	List the  SSN and names of employees who are not assigned to any project


2.	Consider the relations 
PART(PNO, PNAME, COLOUR), 
SUPPLIER( SNO,SNAME,ADDRESS)
SUPPLY(PNO,SNO,QUANTITY)
 Create the above tables, insert suitable tuples and perform the following operations in SQL:
a.	Obtain the PNO of parts supplied by supplier ‘Ram’.
b.	Obtain the Names of suppliers who supply bolts
c.	Delete the parts which are green in colour
1.	Retrieve the suppliers who are from Bengaluru
2.	Find the total no of parts supplied by each supplier.
3. 	Find the parts which are supplied from Mumbai
4. 	Retrieve the PNO of the parts not supplied by any suppliers.
5.	Retrieve of the PNO of the part supplied by all suppliers.
6.	Retrieve the Pname of the parts which are green and red in color.
7.	Update the Address of the supplier bearing SNO=3 
8.	Retrieve the Sno of the suppliers which supply only red coloured parts.
9.	Retrieve the Sno of the supplier who has supplied max no of parts.	
10.	Retrieve the Sno of the supplier who has supplied the max quantity of parts.

3.	Consider the relations 
BOAT(BID, BNAME, COLOUR), 
SAILOR(SID, SNAME, AGE, RATING)
RESERVES(BID,SID, DAY)
 Create the above tables, insert suitable tuples and perform the following operations in SQL:
a.	Obtain the bid of the boats reserved by ‘Ram’.
b.	Retrieve the bid of the boats reserved by all the sailors.   
c.	Find the number of boats reserved by each sailor
1.	Retrieve the colors of the boats reserved for Monday.
2.	Retrieve the number of boats reserved on each day.
3.	Retrieve the most popular boat name
4.	Retrieve the bid reserved by the sailor having the highest rating.
5.	Retrieve the name of the youngest sailor.Retrieve the name of the sailors who have reserve the boats both for Sunday and Monday
6.	Retrieve the names of the sailors who have reserved the boats only for               Sunday and not Monday.
7.	Retrieve the names of the sailors who have reserved the boats only for Mondays.
8.	Retrieve the name of the sailors who have reserved the largest number of boats.
9.	Retrieve the name of the sailors who have reserved a red coloured boat and a green coloured boat

4.	Consider the relations 
PART(PNO, PNAME, COLOUR), 
WAREHOUSE( WNO,WNAME,CITY)
SHIPMENT(PNO,WNO,QUANTITY,DATE)
 Create the above tables, insert suitable tuples and perform the following operations in SQL:
a.	Obtain the Names of warehouses which have shipped red coloured parts.
b.	Retrieve the PNO of  the parts shipped by all the warehouses.   
c.	Find the number of parts supplied by each warehouse

5.	Consider the relations 
BOOK(ISBN, TITLE,AUTHOR,PUBLISHER)
STUDENT(USN, NAME, SEM, DEPTNO), 
BORROW(ISBN, USN, DATE)
 Create the above tables, insert suitable tuples and perform the following operations in SQL:
a.	Obtain the name of the student who has borrowed the book bearing ISBN ‘123’ 
b.	Obtain the Names of students who have borrowed database books.
c.	  Find the number of books borrowed by each student.
